[Notifier] [MessageMedia] add docs (#15366)
symfony/symfony-docs: notifier.rst

    The Iqsms, GatewayApi, Octopush, AllMySms, Clickatell, SpotHit, FakeSms, LightSms, SmsBiuras
    and MessageBird integrations were introduced in Symfony 5.3.

.. versionadded:: 5.4

>     The MessageMedia integrations were introduced in Symfony 5.4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The MessageMedia integration was introduced in Symfony 5.4.
```

Author: Thank you @OskarStark
